The RoboCup@Home league aims to develop robotic service and assistance technology with high relevance for future personal home applications. It is the largest annual international competition for autonomous service robots and is part of the RoboCup initiative. A set of benchmark tests is used to evaluate the robots' abilities and performance in a realistic, non-standard home environment. The focus is on the following domains, but is not limited to: Human-Robot Interaction and Cooperation, Navigation and Mapping in dynamic environments, Computer Vision and Object Recognition under natural light conditions, Object Manipulation, Adaptive Behaviors, Behavior Integration, Environmental Intelligence, Standardization and Systems Integration. It is co-located with the RoboCup symposium.
Who can participate?
Anyone with an independent robot can participate. The @Home league consists of a few tests and an open challenge to demonstrate your robot's skills. To participate in the open challenge it is necessary to participate in at least one test. The competition takes place in a real-world setting.
The competition
The RoboCup@Home competition consists of tests that robots must solve. The tests change over the years to become more advanced and act as a general measure of quality in the desired areas. Performance measurement is based on a score derived from competition rules and assessment by a jury.
Test criteria are listed below: include human-robot interaction be socially relevant be application-directed/oriented be scientifically challenging be simple and have self-explanatory rules be interesting to watch
The scenario
The final setting is the real world itself. To gradually develop possible technologies, a basic home environment is provided as a general setting. In the first years (we started in 2006) it consisted of a living room and a kitchen but soon it also began to involve other areas of daily life, such as a garden/park area, a store, a street or other public places.
Finals
RoboCup@Home ends with the finals where the teams with the highest points can play in the scenario that has been created. Teams are evaluated by a jury made up of roboticists and non-roboticists, such as people from industry, human-machine interaction, industrial design, the public and the press. The classification of the finals determines the winner. In the finals there is less focus on technical issues, as reaching the finals already means that the teams are very good at a technical level
Bahia is a Brazilian state located in the Northeast Region. The population of Bahia is 14.9 million inhabitants, the fourth largest in Brazil. The municipality of Salvador is the state capital and also served as the first Brazilian capital between 1549 and 1763. The state's geography is characterized by plains and depressions, as well as two dominant climate types, tropical and semi-arid. Bahia's economy is the main one in the Northeast and focuses on the tertiary sector and the manufacturing industry.
Bahia climate Two climate types are predominant in Bahia. The first is the semi-arid, which occurs in the central region (with the exception of the highest areas) and part of the west of the state. This climate is characterized by high temperatures and low relative humidity, with irregular precipitation and a dry period generally in the winter months. Rainfall is concentrated in the summer, with an annual average of around 800 mm. The tropical climate occurs mainly in the east of Bahia, also marked by high annual temperatures and a higher level of humidity, especially on the coast. Average annual precipitation varies between 1,200 and 1,600 mm. In some coastal cities, this value can exceed 2,000 mm.
Relief of Bahia Plateaus and depressions are the predominant forms of relief in Bahia, which gives most of the state elevations above 300 meters. The west of Bahia and part of the north are part of the Depression Sertaneja and São Francisco, to the east of which the Plateaus and Serras do Leste-Sudeste extend. The highest terrain in the state is located in this domain, with emphasis on Serra do Espinhaço and Chapada Diamantina. This is where the highest point of Bahia and the Northeast is located: Pico do Barbado, 2,033 meters above sea level. In the eastern range, finally, we have the Coastal Plains and Tablelands.
.